README.md, before:

# SandPyPr
Python implementation of Boids using Processing

Requirements
============
  
  [Processing](https://processing.org/) - Download and install version 2.2.1 for your OS. You will also need to enable Python mode by starting processing, selecting the `Add mode...` dialog, and adding python. Quit and restart processing then select python mode in the upper right corner. For a quick start guide on using python for processing, see [Prof. Albert Schueller's documentation](http://carrot.whitman.edu/Thinkcspy/processing.html) at Whitman
  
  
References
==========

* [Python Processing Guide](http://carrot.whitman.edu/Thinkcspy/processing.html)
* [Autonoumous Agents](http://natureofcode.com/book/chapter-6-autonomous-agents/)
* [Flocking](https://processing.org/examples/flocking.html) This version uses Java and PVector
* [PVector](https://processing.org/reference/PVector.html) Vector2D is a python-friendly implementation of PVector
* [Real Starlings in flight](https://youtu.be/QOGCSBh3kmM)
* Processing -> Examples -> Topics -> Simulate -> Flocking

Commit message:

instructions on how to get solution added

README.md, after:

# SandPyPr
Python implementation of Boids using Processing. Starting point code with boids moving in straight lines is provided in the master branch. By selecting the adanner branch, you can see a full solution with separation, cohesion, and aligment implemented

Requirements
============
  
  [Processing](https://processing.org/) - Download and install version 2.2.1 for your OS. You will also need to enable Python mode by starting processing, selecting the `Add mode...` dialog, and adding python. Quit and restart processing then select python mode in the upper right corner. For a quick start guide on using python for processing, see [Prof. Albert Schueller's documentation](http://carrot.whitman.edu/Thinkcspy/processing.html) at Whitman
  
  
References
==========

* [Python Processing Guide](http://carrot.whitman.edu/Thinkcspy/processing.html)
* [Autonoumous Agents](http://natureofcode.com/book/chapter-6-autonomous-agents/)
* [Flocking](https://processing.org/examples/flocking.html) This version uses Java and PVector
* [PVector](https://processing.org/reference/PVector.html) Vector2D is a python-friendly implementation of PVector
* [Real Starlings in flight](https://youtu.be/QOGCSBh3kmM)
* Processing -> Examples -> Topics -> Simulate -> Flocking
